[MUSIC]
>> Brian: This is kind of cute that we
can check out this other thing a bunch of
times on the page,
but let's be totally honest, it's
totally and completely worthless, right?
You would never actually want to say this,
check this other thing out,
a bunch of times, not super useful.
So we're going to
mess with something called Props.
>> Brian: And
props basically allow us to make these
components a little bit more flexible.
In this particular case, we don't want
to be saying check out this other thing
a bunch of different terms, but
we do want to be able to pass information
into it that it can display for us.
So we're gonna make it a little bit more
flexible.
>> Brian: So
what we're gonna do here,
I'm gonna deviate just a tiny bit from my
notes.
>> Brian: So
where it says null in all three
different places here for
my title.
>> Brian: I'm
gonna pass in a string
that I want to display.
So I'm gonna say title, and whatever
you want to say, I say props are great.
Okay, and then here I'm going to say,
the title,
>> Brian: Used props
everywhere.
>> Brian: And then down here title.
>> Brian: Props are the best,
get really excited about props.
Okay, so now I'm passing this information
down into my composite component.
And what's really cool about it is,
now MyTitle here has access to this
information that we're passing down to it.
So instead of,
>> Brian: This just,
string that we're putting here,
what we're going to do instead
is we're going to say this.props.title.
>> Brian: Okay?
>> Brian: And save that.
>> Brian: Let's go over and
refresh the page here.
And notice now it's actually
displaying three different
strings using the same component.
>> Brian: So
now we've made this MyTitle
way more flexible, right.
Now we've actually made a component that
we're actually would be pretty useful that
we can pass things into it's going
to display different titles for us.
And as you can imagine we can have a ton
of markup in here that we do a bunch of
different things, but
we can make it flexible by
passing in different properties.
And you can pass anything in this property
to a component, you can pass in functions,
you can pass an object.
You can pass in bouillons, numbers,
whatever works in JavaScript is going
to be is going to work as if passing
into it as a property.
>> Brian: So
how do you feel about that now?
That makes it 10 times more useful now,
instead of just some rote presentation
of check out this other thing.
Now we can pass whatever we want down,
and we can be using MyTitle everywhere,
which I think is pretty awesome.
>> Brian: Questions about properties?
>> Speaker 2: There was one question,
is it possible control scope when
calling the method rendered in
the class?
>> Brian: Is it
possible to control scope?
>> Speaker 2: Need more
clarification?
>> Brian: I do,
I would need more clarification of that.
So basically the question
of what scope do you have,
which is a question I do understand.
It's going to be the component itself.
And you don't actually
want to change that,
because reacting need to be able to talk
to the components that it's working with,
bit specifically in the render function.
It's actually best talking about
the render function in general.
So all components in react
have to have a render method.
And the absolute hard requirement of
the render method is that it has to return
a component, it must return a component.
>> Brian: So
let's just say I comment this out,
react should yell at me now.
This is like what the hell you
didn't return the component to me.
So if you go to go down here and
refresh it's gonna say,
render a valid react component
must be returned, right.
So if you see that there's a decent
chance that you just did like this
where you just created a component and
forgot to return it.
It's a decent, I've done that a bunch of
times, so that's what that looks like.
But the other thing about
render is it must be pure, and
when I say pure,
the ideas is if I have Bar X = 1,
and then up here I say, X++.
This is no longer a pure function because
every time that I'm calling render,
I'm changing x, and
let's say I refer to x down here.
I wonder if this is even gonna work.
I have no idea.
>> Brian: It does, look.
So it does work but the idea here is you
don't know how many times render is going
to get called render is going to
called a bunch of times, right.
For example, we only put the component on
the page three times yet we got to four.
I don't I'm not actually
sure how that happened.
But the idea is that you have no idea how
many times render is going to be called,
and so you need to basically
not allow how many times they get called
to affect the way it's going to look.
So in this particular case that we're
keeping track of the outside state,
you can't do that
render needs to work in a vacuum.
>> Speaker 3: Question?
>> Brian: Yeah
>> Speaker 3: We do know of I mean
there must be a way to know
how many render gets called,
I mean there is you know, when component
gets mounted, does mount or something,
render gets called then, or
I think at an initial stage.
I think render gets called, yeah.
>> Brian: It does, but something
that you may not be aware is that react
does a lot of batching of its updates.
And so you might be calling set state or
force update,
but you might actually not be updating
it until a bunch of stuff gets
batched together and
it all gets flushed all at once.
So react is doing some scheduling
underneath the hood that you have no idea.
And you really should not have to know
about, that should be an implementation
detail of react, and it should not be
something you have to worry about.
So you just totally sidestep
the problem it in general if you just
make sure that render is a pure function,
given the same inputs is always
going to work the same way.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: They're asking if you needed
the div.
And the answer is obviously you just
need to, I shouldn't say obviously,
but you need to return one element, right?
>> Brian: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: So even if you remove that
div you need to put in the H1.
>> Brian: Yeah, so
you can get rid of this div,
that's totally fine, because as long
as you have one H1 the returning here.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
You can only return one element
which is why all of people in
the react components wrap it in a div
cuz they have multiple things going on?
>> Brian: Yep,
just to show what this can't look like.
This doesn't work because at
the top level you're gonna have two
components returning.
In fact, I think, yeah,
if you refresh that,
you're gonna get a syntax error, right?
Because you're trying to say var x equals
what?
>> Brian: Actually, that, yeah.
Well, this actu-
>> Brian: Not what I was expecting.
>> Speaker 4: But it, yeah,
it's returned the last
>> Brian: Yeah that's probably what it is.
Yeah okay.
>> Speaker 4: It returned the last element
>> Brian: We're JavaScript edge
cases, right?
That's a JavaScript
>> Speaker 4: If you wrap them both div,
then they'll both render, right?
>> Brian: Yeah
exactly.
>> Speaker 5: So
you're returning the element
attributes as the first argument and
the inner HTML as the second?
>> Brian: Precisely, the children right?
So, this is always going to be the,
whatever attributes you're passing,
we talked about putting style here,
you can say style,
color red.
>> Speaker 5: And
you could theoretically put HTML
tags on line 21 in the title string,
if you want to wrap that in a span or
something?
>> Brian: Yeah I think that would probably
work if you said like,
well you have to be with something
that will fits inside of an H1 right?
So spans actually do,
so yeah you could do React.DOM.span.
>> Brian: That should work.
>> Speaker 4: But
you can just pass the span in the string?
>> Brian: Sorry say
that one more time.
>> Speaker 4: If you had
an actual span tag in the props are great
string, like wrapping the word props or
something, would that render as HTML?
>> Brian: In this particular case it
probably should, because in this
particular case we're just passing desktop
props title just, essentially raw
like we're not doing anything to it.
You're goning to run into a slippery
slope here because this is a string and
this is not a string.
So you have to be aware that,
that can be either a reaction element or
it could be a string.
So you'll just have to be able to be
aware of that and handle that separately.